Here's an exercise program.
So you have to write a program to calculate net salary.
program should take following inputs that is basic salary and what is the percentage of alliances and
percentage of deductions and the formula for salaries given below.
So net salary is cal. by adding basic salary plus percentage of allowances of basic
salary and subtracting percentage of deductions.
So I'll show you the program how it should work and what should be the input and output.
And you have to develop the same program. A pdf od program is also given in the resource if you want.
You can download it but I suggest you write the program completely.
If you face any difficulties then you can see that pdf.
So here I run the program for calculating net salary of an employee, i will run program.
See here just asking basic salary, let's say the  basic salary is a thousand bucks and what is the percentage
of allowances.
Suppose it is 20 percent.
And what is the percentage of deduction that is 5 so 20 percent allowances.
means it  will  12 hundred and five percent deduction means 50 subtracted from 1200 and that is
1150 yes.
so the ANSWER is 1150. so it should take these values and display this output.
So program is also available under resources as a PDf and you can download that.